gh-110237: Check `PyList_Append` for errors in `_PyEval_MatchClass` (#110238)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-10-02-23-17-08.gh-issue-110237._Xub0z.rst

> Check `PyList_Append` for errors in `_PyEval_MatchClass`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix missing error checks for calls to ``PyList_Append`` in ``_PyEval_MatchClass``.
```
